TagLine: Be More Productive, By reducing Manual Work
Model Automation
Modeling is a very crucial and first part of Designing, but it can be very repetitive, tedious and time-consuming. Lots of Structures in Civil engineering has predictable geometry like water tanks, transmission tower or Grillage model for bridge.
Most Software we use for Modeling of these types of structures offers the ability to Generate Models using API(Application Programming Interface) or Scripting Language like VBA. 
we are using this functionality to generate our model with a single click with Pitch perfect accuracy for Geometry, Sections, Loads and Load Combination. we are using excel sheet as input sheet to store all variable and constant required for this automation.
Benefits of Model Automation
Very high Accuracy of Model
Consistent modeling, the problem with doing modeling manually is that model generated by all engineers may vary even if they are working on the same project which can be problematic sometimes
Engineers can generate multiple iterations of the same model with different section or load combination
Revision Time is very low
Huge Time-Saving in model Checking
New users will able to  learn multiple iterations of model Very easily

Results Extraction
Results Extraction is the process of extracting analysis results from Analysis software for your design needs. This same process as model generation only difference is we getting data out of analysis software. There are multiple ways to do this job mostly it required lots of Copy pasting results table from analysis software to excel sheet.
We use API to do this just like we used API for Model Generation. One more benefit is that if the model is generated using our software than we already know element id, load id and LoadCombination Id which can be used to automate results extraction.
Benefits of Results Extraction
Minimum user interaction, user can continue its other work while software extract results from Model
Batch processing, Results can take Multiple Results from Multiple Model in Single run
Less Human Errors

Design Automation
Generally, Structural engineering work involves calculation before Design and After Design. Before Design, the calculation involves Calculations for Section Property, Load Calculation or calculation of results if you are not using any Analysis software. After Design, the calculation involves calculation like Results Manipulation, Calculation of Envelop from Results Table, or Design Checks.
we can simplify this calculation for your engineers, we are very good at setting up excel sheets which are easy to use and error-proof.  we use 
Easy to under Staad Formula by making sure all excel formula ends in a single line. If calculation demands repetitive or complex calculation we will use VBA or VB.Net depending on performance requirement.
Benefits of Design automation
Very easy to use & understand so less chance of Human error
improved Performance if the task is time-consuming
Completely Automated workflow so no or very minimal human interaction needed
Report Generation
Report Generation means Processing available data to convert in a presentable format for submission. some examples hydraulics data,  pre-bid report, report for progress update related to highway or bridge.

Most of there task has very specific report format for submission that involves lots of copy-pasting from one document to another. these processes can be tedious, repetitive and sometimes time-consuming. these types of work can be automated with minor programming. 
We can automate these tasks by taking inputs from excel sheets where data is located and process it to generate output in word, excel or pdf document format as per requirement.
Benefits of Report Generation
Fewer Chances of Error
Batch processing means we can generate multiple reports at the same time
Completely Automated workflow so no or very minimal human interaction needed

Drawing Automation
Drawing automation involves Generating  CAD drawing from data available in an excel sheet. for example, Automated drawing generation with almost zero human intervention,  Utility tools like generating cross-section from coordinates available in excel sheet.

We analyze the entire design process that runs around AutoCAD and identifies the areas that can be automated to minimize human intervention. Autocad and Excel make a great combination for drawing generation. we can use excel sheet as input or to store data linked with AutoCAD drawing and our program can communicate seamlessly between AutoCAD and Excel for the transfer of all design information.
Benefits of Drawing automation
Save a lot of time in drawing generation and drawing checking
drawing can be updated very easily if we need to revise the design
consistency in drawing formating 
batch plotting 

Office Automation
office automation involves software of MS office to interact with each other. example of office automation is getting data from access to excel, updating tables in a word document from data stored in excel sheet. Sending automated outlook mail from excel or word about project update, or design submission. 
we can automate these types of tasks using minor programming as per requirement. some of these types of task doesn't take much time to complete but it can be annoying, tedious and distract engineers from their actual job for example during project submission engineer can spend a whole day generating reports or writing a mail for submission.
Benefits of Office Automation
less time-consuming 
batch processing
a task can be automatically scheduled on a monthly or weekly basis


